For a woman,
your strikes are far too ruthless, young lady.
For a man,
your behavior is far too rude, My Lord.
We agreed we were in the same boat.
Turning your back on me so soon?
Didn't you say before, My Lord,
that I wasn't qualified
to be tied to the same rope as you?
Yet now you come looking for me.
It seems you need a favor from me.
Smart people in this palace
don't necessarily live very long.
I came to find you
to make a deal.
I need to investigate something.
It's more convenient for you to act in the Bureau of Imperial Attire.
The Bureau of Imperial Attire's warehouse records have errors.
Secretly find someone to ask around
about who collected Frost silk last month.
Why hasn't he returned to the army yet?
And he wants to investigate the Frost silk.
Since it is a partnership,
My Lord, you also need to show some sincerity.
What do you want?
The Scar-Soothing Balm from the Imperial Medical Bureau.
You certainly know what to pick.
I hold the secret formula for it.
I can agree to it.
Thank you for your trust, Lord Gu.
A pleasure doing business.
How do you know my surname is Gu?
You investigated me.
If I didn't even know the background of my partner,
wouldn't I be handing over my life on a platter?
This is both caution for myself
and respect for you, My Lord.
To find out who I am in just a few days,
that is not simple.
I didn't expect that seeing Ah Xuan again
would be under such circumstances.
But why does he, at this very moment,
come to cause trouble for me?
Her behavior and mannerisms
are completely unlike an ordinary palace maid.
What exactly is her background?
Consort Su.
Entered the palace three years ago.
Has received little imperial favor.
Impatient and jealous.
Lacks shrewdness.
Because of her merchant background,
she is looked down upon.
We have arrived at Yongfu Palace.
The harem is as deep as the sea.
The concubines have different intentions.
The fire in the mourning hall,
I will start the investigation with you.
Look at this.
This lotus-patterned gold hairpin,
is it bright enough against my temples?
Will His Majesty like it when he sees it?
Your Highness is born with the beauty of a celestial being.
Only this hairpin made of nine-layered gold wire
is worthy of you.
You have a way with words.
Of all the gold and silver workshops in the capital,
only my Su family's goldsmiths
can craft such an exquisite gold hairpin.
Greetings, Consort Su.
The maid sent from the Bureau of Imperial Attire is here.
This slave is Feng Qing.
Wishing Your Highness eternal peace and happiness.
I heard from Directress Li
that you are a clever one.
I like useful people the most.
If you serve me diligently,
I will certainly not treat you unfairly.
Yes.
Born with such a seductive fox-like look.
Are you here to serve your master,
or to seduce His Majesty?
Drag this vixen out for me!
Beaten to death!
You dare fight back in Yongfu Palace?
This slave is but a lowly person.
My death would only quell Your Highness's anger for a moment.
But if this slave lives,
I will use all my skills
to win glory for Your Highness before His Majesty.
If Your Highness does not wish to see this face,
this slave will simply ruin it.
This face now
looks much more pleasing to the eye.
Directress Li has a good eye for picking people.
You are a sensible one.
From now on, along with Bi Hen,
stay and serve inside the hall.
As long as you please me,
gold, silver, pearls, and jade...
I have plenty of them.
Naturally, I won't treat you poorly.
Here is your reward.
Thank you, Your Highness.
The Empress Dowager's posthumous birthday is approaching.
You used to serve in the Bureau of Imperial Attire.
So put more effort into the making of the clothes.
I must outshine everyone this time.
Your Highness,
preparing the palace attire has always been my duty.
She is just a newcomer;
I fear she might ruin important matters.
Isn't it good to give you a new helper?
Rest assured.
As long as it is done well,
both of you will be rewarded.
But if it is not done well,
you will get another scar on your face.
Rise.
Yes.
For the Empress Dowager's posthumous birthday,
the palace attire must be vibrant.
Even if I cannot win His Majesty's favor,
at least I can curry favor with Noble Consort Meng.
As for my preferences,
you give her some pointers.
- I obey. - Yes.
Feng Qing
The water temperature for the morning wash is crucial.
It must not be too cold,
nor can it scald the Mistress.
You must be extremely careful.
Thank you for the advice.
You lowly maid!
Are you blind?
And you!
You...
It was just a basin of spilled water.
Just go fetch another.
Sister Bi Hen,
why be so aggressive?
Stop putting on an act.
To stay in Yongfu Palace,
you'd even harm yourself.
Speak!
What are you really plotting?
Serving Her Highness in Yongfu Palace
is better than the drudgery at the Bureau of Imperial Attire.
Everyone knows
Her Highness is most compassionate to her servants.
When she bestows rewards,
she is incredibly generous.
This gold hairpin,
she gave it just like that.
You think a broken hairpin is worth showing off?
I have served Her Highness since childhood.
Who do you think you are?
We are both servants of Consort Su.
Instead of waging a war of words here,
you would be better off focusing
on selecting fabrics and tailoring clothes.
To gain the Mistress's appreciation,
one must rely on true skill.
It's not for a Witch like you to lecture me.
Have you forgotten, Sister Bi Hen?
I come from the Bureau of Imperial Attire.
I know fabrics best.
Witch, don't be so arrogant here.
Just you wait.
Please fetch another basin, sister.
Thank you.
You shouldn't make an enemy of Bi Hen.
Anyone she dislikes
ends up in a bad state.
Then do you know that in Yongfu Palace,
there was a maid named Wen Tang?
I don't know anything.
And don't mention that person again.
Wen Xin once said
her sister Wen Tang
died of illness in Yongfu Palace.
But why was that maid so panicked?
Feng Qing.
Your face...
Did Consort Su hurt you?
I should have stopped you from going to Yongfu Palace.
You hurt yourself trying to help me.
Don't worry.
I inflicted the wound on my face myself.
Just to ensure safety.
As for your sister Wen Tang,
give me a little more time.
I will get to the bottom of it.
But you must be extremely careful too.
The Frost silk I asked you to check on,
any leads?
I asked around and found out.
Last month,
Concubine Cao and Consort Su
both sent people to collect Frost silk.
Concubine Cao, Consort Su...
Then the records at the Bureau of Imperial Attire...
why are they missing?
That, I don't know.
I went to check the ledger first,
but last month's records were torn out.
Torn out by someone?
By the way,
I need your help with one more thing.
The palace dress for Her Highness is embroidered.
Tomorrow at the Hour of the Sheep,
will you come with me to present it to Her Highness?
All right, we'll go together.
Sister Bi Hen, why are you snatching my things?
Insolence!
Everything in the palace belongs to our masters.
How can anything be yours?
I just finished embroidering this dress for Her Highness.
What gives you the right to snatch it by force?
You lowly wretch.
You dare act wild with me?
This was clearly a task assigned to me by Her Highness.
I spent days and nights embroidering it.
I wanted to present it to Her Highness myself.
This is new fabric from the Bureau of Imperial Attire.
A rare shade of tender-leaf yellow.
I asked someone early on to save it for Her Highness.
You merely embroidered a few patterns.
And you want to steal the credit?
Just as expected.
The fish has taken the bait.
Are you all right?
This dress makes Your Highness look dazzling.
Even the embroidery threads exude opulence.
Sister, you hold only the rank of Consort.
Yet you wear the Bureau of Imperial Attire's finest fabric.
Aren't you afraid it will shorten your fortune?
Sister Cao, you may not know.
This tender-leaf yellow is originally
the first touch of yellow on the branches in spring.
It best complements vitality.
At your current age, Sister,
naturally, you cannot appreciate it.
Noble Consort.
Noble Concubine De felt unwell this morning
and specifically asked for leave.
Concubine Cao and Consort Su have arrived.
Wishing Noble Consort peace and prosperity.
Sister Su, you look quite radiant.
This palace dress highlights your exceptional elegance.
I thought that since the Noble Consort
has been in low spirits these past few days,
I specifically wore this dress
to cheer Your Highness up.
Sister Su's intentions are certainly unique.
Did you forget the Empress Dowager's posthumous birthday?
Sister,
are you trying to cheer up the Noble Consort?
I think you clearly intend
to cheer up Noble Consort Meng.
Sister, you wait on Noble Consort Meng hand and foot daily.
You are the true expert at flattering others.
I could never learn that from you.
Noble Consort Meng has arrived.
Consort Su and Noble Consort Meng today
are truly of one mind.
Consort Su has good taste.
I did not intend this.
Please forgive me, Your Highness.
Consort Su was just saying
that this tender-leaf yellow worn on her
is the tender yellow of spring,
but worn on others,
it is the withered lotus of autumn.
I did not!
I am wrongly accused!
If I had known Your Highness favored this fabric,
how would I dare compete with you in beauty?
Today all the consorts are dressed plainly.
Only you stand out.
And you claim you didn't intend to compete?
Quell your anger, Your Highness.
I know my mistake.
I will go back and change immediately.
Change?
Wouldn't stripping it off be more satisfying?
Someone come!
Your Highness, forgive me!
Your Highness, I know my mistake!
Your Highness!
First, I let you fall into a predicament.
Then I will find a chance to act,
only then can I gain your trust.
It was merely a clash of outfits.
Why must Noble Consort Meng make such a fuss?
Noble Consort, you may endure it,
but I cannot.
Your generosity and tolerance
only allow those with schemes in the harem
to push their luck.
Strip her.
Noble Consort.
Your Highness.
I know I was wrong.
I was wrong, Your Highness.
Your Highness.
I know I was wrong.
Noble Consort.
I was wrong.
Noble Consort Meng.
Today is the Empress Dowager's posthumous birthday.
How can you act so recklessly?
When the Empress Dowager was alive,
she hated transgression the most.
If her spirit is watching from above,
she would say I handled this correctly.
To think Meng dares to contradict Wan'er like this.
Today,
we must not disturb her spirit's peace.
Since you worry about disturbing the Empress Dowager's peace,
Guards!
Consort Su has offended her superiors.
Drag her to the palace gates and make her kneel
to enforce the palace regulations.
Your Highness.
The time has come.
Your Highness, I know I was wrong.
I know I was wrong.
Your Highness, spare me!
Reporting to the Noble Consort and Noble Consort Meng.
Consort Su was not committing a transgression,
but showing her evident filial piety.
What do you mean?
What sort of thing are you?
Since when does a mere maid get
to speak before me?
Slap her mouth.
His Majesty arrives!